feat: Revision of OMA MAturity model architecture for 2025 maturity model (#21490)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/business-uptime/l1-critical-alert-coverage.mdx

---
title: Level 1 - Critical alert coverage scorecard rule
tags:
  - Observability maturity
  - Intelligent observability
  - Instrumentation
  - Implementation guide
metaDescription: Observability maturity business uptime critical alert coverage
redirects:
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity
  - /docs/full-stack-observability
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/full-stack-observability
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

# Overview

> The Critical Alert Coverage rule has produced a score based on the critical alert coverage of your systems. This document explains the interpretation of your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to enhance your alerting strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Critical Alert Coverage rule produces a score based on the critical alert coverage of your systems. This document explains your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to enhance your alerting strategy.
```

# Description

> The score evaluates a 7-day sample of alert incidents per target entity to determine what percentage are due to critical versus warning violations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The score evaluates a 7-day sample of alert incidents per target entity to determine what percentage is due to critical versus warning violations.
```
